# Project Overview
The purpose of this project is to analyze, specify, design, and implement a reporting system for Will- Mart, a US-based furniture store. The project will proceed in three phases as outlined in the methodology for database development: Analysis & Specification; Design; and Implementation & Testing. The system will be implemented using a Database Management System (DBMS) that supports standard SQL queries.
# Will-Mart Sales System
Will-Mart is a furniture store that has stores throughout the United States. Your team has been asked to design and build a prototype sales reporting system for Will-Mart. This section describes in detail the requirements for the Will-Mart Sales System (WiMSS).

What makes WiMSS different is that it is meant to import and aggregate sales data. Unlike transactional databases which are generally designed to record repetitive day-to-day business transactions (e.g., point of sale, buy and sell stock orders, online shopping carts, etc.), WiMSS is meant for reporting and analysis over millions of records to support enterprise-wide decision making. As an example, a large online merchant like amazon.com or bestbuy.com relies on a transactional (also called operational) database system for recording customer orders and payments in real time. A data analyst tasked with generating a report that compares sales of a certain product among the different regions of the United States will typically query a reporting database for the report instead of accessing the transactional databases directly. There are several reasons for this: the system can store data from multiple transactional databases in a consolidated form, its schema is designed to support complex queries aggregating millions of rows, and queries do not impact the performance of the transactional database which must support high transaction throughput and availability.

For this project, you will design the database schema for WiMSS and attach it to a rudimentary user interface. For this project you should create a normalized schema with as little redundancy as possible. You also need not be concerned with the details of the transactional databases that we assume exist to support the point-of-sale system at each Will-Mart store. Instead, you will design the schema to support a consolidated view of the products offered and sold in all Will-Mart stores across the country. What follows is a description of the requirements for the system in terms of what information must be stored to support a set of reports defined by the Will-Mart executive team.
